# musclehub_project

This is one of two Codecademy data analysis capstone projects that I completed. The premise is that MuscleHub, a fictional gym, has run an A/B test to decide if they will eliminate a mandatory fitness test before prospective members can apply to the gym. Data on visits to the gym, membership application dates, and purchase dates were compiled, in addition to whether fictional visitors were assigned to the A group (fitness test) or the B group (no fitness test). The membership funnel was analyzed for each "branch" of the A/B test, statistical significance tests were run, and a recommendation was made regarding the status of the fitness test.

I used Python 3.8 to complete this project, in addtion to Jupyter Notebook. Packages utilized include Pandas, NumPy, and Matplotlib, in addition to a proprietary Codecademy package which allowed SQL commands to be executed in Python. Because the fictional data was generated by Codecademy, I cannot include it in this repository. However, I am including a print-out of my Jupyter Notebook, so that you can see how my code ran and what it output. There are places where names and email addresses have been hidden; this has been done in case any real names and/or email addresses were used in the data generated by Codecademy. The schema of the provided data base can be found in the Jupyter Notebook print-out.

I wrote a Microsoft PowerPoint presentation outlining the main results and conclusions of this project; I have included it as "musclehub_project.pdf."

My Jupyter Notebook print-out is included as "musclehub_MAC_solution.pdf"
